# üå∏ Blossom - A Delightful Package Manager for Linux

Blossom is a modern, efficient, and charming package manager designed for Linux
and Unix-like operating systems. Inspired by the simplicity and flexibility of
Arch Linux‚Äôs `pacman` and Alpine Linux‚Äôs `apk`, Blossom introduces a
thoughtfully crafted architecture, focusing on ease of use and performance
optimization. Built using Rust, Blossom provides a secure, fast, and elegant way
to manage software on your system.

Whether you're installing binary packages or building software from source,
Blossom is designed to make package management an enjoyable and streamlined
experience. With features like multi-level optimizations and a rolling release
model, Blossom ensures your system stays current, performant, and
well-organized.

## ‚ú® Key Features

- **Unified Packaging Format**: Packages, affectionately called _peaches_, are
  described using simple TOML manifest files, making them easy to create and
  maintain. You can find the full schema for package definitions
  [here](PACKAGE.md).

- **Binary & Source Package Support**: Choose between pre-compiled binaries for
  quick installations or build from source for greater control and
  customization.

- **Optimization Levels**: To maximize your hardware‚Äôs potential, Blossom
  supports multiple optimization levels, such as `x86_64-v3`, delivering higher
  performance on modern CPUs while maintaining compatibility with older
  architectures.

- **Rolling Release Model**: Blossom follows a rolling release model, ensuring
  packages are continuously updated. Security patches and bug fixes are
  automatically backported, keeping your system stable and secure without
  waiting for major version releases.

- **Modern & Secure**: Written in Rust, Blossom prioritizes safety and
  performance. It minimizes common vulnerabilities and provides a robust core
  for managing your packages efficiently.

- **Simplicity Meets Flexibility**: Blossom is intuitive and user-friendly while
  offering advanced features for power users. From dependency resolution to
  handling package conflicts, Blossom keeps your system organized and up to date
  with minimal effort.

## üöÄ Installation

The installation process is still being polished! Full instructions will be
available soon. In the meantime, if you'd like to get started early, check out
our [installation guide](INSTALL.md) for manual setup steps or to build Blossom
from source.

## üõ† Usage

Documentation is still in progress! We‚Äôre working on providing detailed examples
and a comprehensive command reference. Once available, you‚Äôll have everything
you need to manage _peaches_ easily and gracefully with Blossom.

## ü§ù Contributing

Blossom is a community-driven project, and we'd love your help! While our
contribution guidelines are still being finalized, you can find a draft version
[here](CONTRIBUTING.md).

We welcome all forms of contribution, whether it's reporting bugs, improving
documentation, or submitting patches. All contributors are expected to follow
our Code of Conduct to ensure a friendly and inclusive environment.

If you have ideas or improvements, feel free to open an issue or start a
discussion. We‚Äôre still growing, and your input can help shape Blossom's future!

## üîí License

This project is licensed under the
[Apache-2.0 License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0). For more
information, please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
